and
very good to all welcome to pvp in
new tutorials and today I bring you a
terrific tutorial for our mobiles
for our android systems or tablet
it is nothing more and nothing less than who
master is like let's say a tunnel tools
of pc is to optimize our our
mobile our android our tablet
freeing memory by deleting files
that occupy memory and the mobile takes
a little bit at a time to navigate or
move from one place to another in order
it's totally free, you can
find in this sector is in
prehistory I think it's prehistory it
call we give you to look here
and we can create master here we do not have
nothing we install it, we accept it, it is
quickie
are 9 megas passionate then inside
this program of this application we have
several more options that we can apply
with him to optimize more our
our good android system i'm going
to teach here how is
so I'm going to start it and then
put maximum screen
it does not let me
well here we have it maximizes the place
well do not give me more initial we 'll see if
do not enlarge it good here as you can
watch
is using 15 gb of memory in 3
% 64 this comes to me here because a
application that I have it in
let's say that
in windows it's worth but it's simple for
optimize we go to the section of
memory policy we give you here puts
what you are using and here we see in
the memory that the program is using
that is pulling memory is being
memory of our android and the only
we have to optimize them
it only optimizes and frees it
automatically a young man has released the
12% of true ram memory that means
that now go by 12% faster
Then you see how I decide there are some
applications that you can install
about about this master class application
for example this browser I have it
on the mobile and it goes three times faster
that the google chrome at least in the
mobile and it is totally free good
this is to optimize then file
trash this also an option that I
I do a lot because the mobile without using it
a lot of whatsapp
facebook internet etcetera etcetera
takes a lot of memory and truth that
is memory is being used and meg
your ram memory
behind the sd card by the face as
I say because they are files that
they install automatically and we can not
remove the milestones in this way then
we give him clean garbage and he also
automatically we clean all the
trash that is using us
although we want to remove some that do not
it interests you to be able to check the boxes
Well, you also have more options here,
it does not appear to us but what is in the
mobile has other options like
lanterns as he puts lantern
and I 'm telling you to manage the applications
really with an antivirus that I
I also put it with this program and the
mobile very very very very fluid I'm going the
double fast
but in applications here we can
install this the applications that the
that we want good I just
I have all these but on our mobile
then you will have all of you
you have how you can download the
applications are not directly provided
back to the projectors here we can
make many many options now this
it's all I hope you like me
doing this because I find it more
easy doing it with your mobile and
you see it already directly me to this
application that I have here that also
we hit you and I did it too
in another video tutorial that I have in
my channel super new tutorials and nothing
this is all I hope it serves you
help and we already know